README.md, before:

# Fap-Quest
This is an alpha so there are probably plenty of bugs,
but I wanted to try something :3

So to execute the software you'll need to have Java installed.
If it's not the case, you can find it here (for Windows users) : https://www.java.com/fr/download/

If you're really motivated you can try to create your own opponents :
Here's a link to a tutorial : http://fap-hero.wikia.com/wiki/Create_Opponents


## To Linux users (tutorial by "chemiserouge") :
Check the version of your installed Java JRE : java -version

Check if the build is greater than or equal to 1.8 and if that's the case, run the game with this command : java -jar FapQuest.jar

Otherwise you have to install Java JRE. Installation for (Debian/Ubuntu/etc...) : sudo apt-get install openjdk-8-jre


## Last Updates :

Version 0.1b :
-Work on Linux


And if you want more info about the game you can ask me anything on my tumblr : http://saxtrad.tumblr.com/
(Most of the post are in French, but I answer to English questions too).

Commit message:

Make use of Gradle (#2)
* use gradle

* set java target version

* updated readme

README.md, after:

# Fap-Quest
This is an alpha so there are probably plenty of bugs,
but I wanted to try something :3

So to execute the software you'll need to have Java installed.
If it's not the case, you can find it here (for Windows users) : https://www.java.com/fr/download/

If you're really motivated you can try to create your own opponents :
Here's a link to a tutorial : http://fap-hero.wikia.com/wiki/Create_Opponents

## Building on Windows with Eclipse

* Install [Java 8](https://www.java.com/fr/download/)
* Install [Eclipse](https://eclipse.org/downloads/)
* Import this directory as a Gradle project.

## Building on Linux

Install Java 8:

```sh
sudo apt-get install openjdk-8-jre
```

To build Fap-Quest using command-line, use:

```sh
gradle build
```

To run Fap-Quest use:

```sh
gradle run
```

## Last Updates :

Version 0.1b :
-Work on Linux


And if you want more info about the game you can ask me anything on my tumblr : http://saxtrad.tumblr.com/
(Most of the post are in French, but I answer to English questions too).
